Content from https://proxyway.com/best/datacenter-proxies:

All Reviews

Types

All Types

Use Cases

All Use Cases

Locations

All Locations

Best Tools

All Best Tools

Our Tools

All Our Tools

We use affiliate links. They let us sustain ourselves at no cost to you.

Datacenter proxies offer the cheapest way to change your IP address. They’re the go-to choice for many tasks: from avoiding geo-location restrictions to gaming, automating workflows, and scraping content from the web.

Datacenter proxy servers have plenty of variety. You can get IP addresses that are shared or dedicated to your exclusive use; static or rotating; sometimes even completely free! This page will walk you through the main types and help you choose the best datacenter proxy providers from a curated list.

A list of the best overall datacenter proxy providers.

Proxies that you have to share with several other people. Can be static or rotating.

The full list: Best Shared Proxy Providers of 2022

Proxies that you alone use during the subscription period.

The full list: Best Private Proxy Providers of 2022

Providers that offer free access to their proxy servers. These are not public proxy lists.

The full list: Best Free Proxy Lists

Datacenter proxies are remote computers with their own IP address and location. Instead of connecting to websites directly, you go through them first. This lets you hide your own identifying information.

Datacenter IPs are hosted on servers in data centers. As a result, they’re very fast and often have unlimited bandwidth; however, they’re easier to detect than residential and mobile proxies. You’ll have issues accessing protected domains (like shoe stores, social media, or Google), but they’re still very effective for plenty of use cases.


				Learn more: What Are Datacenter Proxies? The Beginner’s Guide. 

Shared proxies are a significant step up from free proxies. They perform much better than public lists and give you more breathing room compared to the freemium options above. You’ll usually be sharing the IPs with several other people – not ideal but you might not even notice it with smaller websites. However, search engine scraping, accessing sneaker sites, or managing multiple accounts on social media are a no-go.

These proxies are several times cheaper than dedicated addresses. You can opt for a static IP list with unlimited traffic or a pool of rotating addresses that resembles residential proxies. They cost $0.5-1 per IP address or gigabyte of traffic.


				Learn more: What Are Shared Proxies and When to Use Them? 

Dedicated proxies, also called private proxies, are the high end of datacenter IPs. These addresses are hosted on premium hardware, have the best performance (no sharing!), and carry less risk that someone will blacklist your IPs while you use them. They’re the logical choice if shared proxies experience too many blocks, you need more control or consistency.

These proxies are almost always sold by IP address, offering unlimited bandwidth but no IP rotation. Keep that in mind. An address costs between $0.8-2.5, depending on how many you buy and where. Non-US locations sometimes cost extra.


				Learn more: Dedicated Proxies: All You Need to Know 

To choose the best datacenter proxies, we tested and analyzed major proxy services. The performance tests looked into technical aspects like proxy pool size, quality, success rate, and response time. The manual analysis included an overview of features and price. All the providers on the list participated in our annual Proxy Market Research.

Best premium dedicated proxies with professional service.

Oxylabs is arguably one of the best proxy service provider, at least when it comes to residential IPs. But it also controls an impressive network of shared and dedicated datacenter proxies – in fact, the largest in the world. Its proxies come with unlimited domains, and connection requests.

The provider controls two million dedicated IPs, ensuring a variety of addresses. That means you’re less likely to get subnet and ASN-related bans. You can get IPs in 188 countries and target particular cities.

Oxylabs’ shared proxies come in a pool of 29,000 addresses, and 15 locations including the US, some European and Asian countries. You can rotate them with every connection or set up sticky sessions for as long as you need.

Oxylabs offers a premium service. It has a functional dashboard, and you can buy the shared IPs using self-service. However, the dedicated proxies don’t include this functionality. But the provider’s experienced team can fine-tune the proxies based on your target and requirements. You get an account manager and an IP replacement API.

The provider mainly targets large businesses and you won’t be able to pay as you go, so the cheapest dedicated plan with 100 proxies might be an overkill for some tasks. 

Read the Oxylabs review for more information and performance tests.

Flexible plans and customizable self-service.

Webshare has three datacenter proxy options: shared among many users, shared with 0-2 users, and dedicated. Its proxies support HTTP(S) and SOCKS protocols and cover over 40 countries worldwide. They are static and come in the form of a list, but there’s an option to rotate IPs with every connection request.

What distinguishes Webshare from others is that it has highly customizable self-service. You can choose the number of proxies, set a bandwidth limit, and customize threads. You can also select the location of your IPs and buy refreshes between five minutes and a month. The dashboard is easy to navigate, so first-time users shouldn’t have any problems.

In addition, Webshare offers a free plan with 10 static IPs from four different locations. You can use 1 GB of free data monthly, running up to 50 threads at once. You’ll get your free proxy list automatically after registering.

The provider mainly targets entry and mid-level customers, so the prices don’t bite. However, it doesn’t have a live chat – you can only reach customer service via email.

Read the Webshare review for more information and performance tests.

Most versatile provider on the market.

Bright Data is a juggernaut with a vast and highly diverse network of shared, dedicated, and rotating IPs. Without much exaggeration, it can offer anything to anyone. You can buy one or ten thousand IPs, limit them to certain or all domains, and get addresses that have been cooled down for some time.

Bright Data’s shared IPs are static and come in a list, or you can get access to a pool of 20,000 addresses. The latter randomly chooses IPs from 80 locations. Dedicated addresses are spread throughout 3,000 subnets. With Bright Data’s proxy manager, you can rotate, filter, and otherwise manipulate the proxies.

Every service includes at least 50 locations worldwide, country and city-level targeting. Bright Data offers flexible rotation options: rotate every request or keep the IPs for as long as available. Also, there’s an option to immediately replace a proxy server that goes offline with a new one. So, the provider manages to keep 100% uptime.

However, this same versatility plays into pricing, in the form of upsells. You’ll have to pay extra for unlimited traffic and private access to more than one domain.

Quality dedicated proxies for a wide range of customers.



Rayobyte has a strong infrastructure of shared, dedicated, and rotating datacenter proxies. The service doesn’t limit threads, traffic, or domains. The plans are subscription-based, but you can also go for a one-time purchase.

Rayobyte’s shared proxies come in three formats. The first one is a list of addresses that you share with two people. You can get from as few as five IPs in 11 countries. The second option allows you to buy a certain number of ports with 20 rotating IPs assigned to each port. The IPs rotate between 10-120 minutes. And the last one comes with a pool of 60,000 rotating proxies. The addresses are traffic-based, and they rotate with every connection request. But the service is still in beta.

The dedicated proxies are static and come in a list. The IPs are less likely to get mass banned because they’re spread around 20,000 C-class subnets, and the network reaches 300,000 addresses throughout nine ASNs. 

You can get dedicated addresses in 26 countries. They’re mostly based in the US, but you can also target Western European, Southern American, and Southeast Asian countries. The shared IPs support eleven locations, IP-based – four, and the traffic-based servers come only in the US.

However, longer rotation times make the provider less attractive for scraping tasks. And Rayobyte supports fewer locations than some premium service providers.

Best rotating proxies for web scraping.

Smartproxy sells both shared and dedicated datacenter proxies. Its products are simple to use and have some of the best customer service on the market.

First, Smartproxy offers 100,000 traffic-based shared IPs in the US and Europe, or IP-based proxies from eight countries in four continents. You get full access to the IP pool no matter the plan. There are no target limits, and you can make as many parallel connections as you like. Rotation with every connection request makes the proxies very practical for web scraping, and you can create 30-min sticky sessions for other tasks.

Smartproxy also offers dedicated IPs in the US. The dedicated plans don’t include many features but they’re enough for simple tasks. There’s an option to choose between sequential or non-sequential, SOCKS5 or HTTP(s) IPs using Smartproxy’s dashboard. Furthermore, you can opt to refresh the full list after renewing subscription, or keep the same IPs.

The shared plans are bandwidth-based, and you get a lot of cheap traffic. If you exceed the quota, there’s an option to buy extra gigabytes without upgrading. The dedicated options start small but can scale up to 4,000 proxies if needed.

Cheap dedicated proxies with unlimited threads.



IPRoyal sells affordable dedicated IP addresses from around 30 locations. The service has no target or traffic limits, and you’ll get an unlimited number of threads. You’ll also find features like an API, as well as one monthly refresh free of charge. 

What distinguishes IPRoyal from the competition is the price. You can get 5 IPs for as little as $9 (1.80/IP address). And even though IPRoyal increased its datacenter prices by 20% this year, it remains one of the cheaper providers. However, you won’t be able to pay as you go.

If you need proxies for sneaker coping, IPRoyal has a private proxy pool with IPs that aren’t blocked (allegedly) on shoe websites. 

Even though the service is cheap, it lacks a lot of features. You won’t be able to rotate your proxies, and you can target only one country per plan. Also, IPRoyal doesn’t give access to the whole IP pool, so you’re likely to run out of IPs faster.

Shared proxies in the US with SOCKS5 support.



NetNut offers over 100,000 shared datacenter IPs in the US. The provider gives full access to the proxy network and comes with SOCKS5 support. The IPs rotate with every request and you can choose sticky sessions up to two days, but there’s no custom rotation. 

You can get the proxies through self-service – the registration process will take only three steps and no human interaction. 

NetNut is considered a premium provider. Its plans start from $100 ($1/GB). But you’ll get better rates and more features paying $350 and up. For example, you’ll unlock a dedicated manager, live support, and the price drops to $0.70/GB or less. However, it will remain above the market average. Customers with smaller plans can reach NetNut by email only.

The service has some other drawbacks, too. During our tests, the proxies were twice as slow compared to the competition. Also, NetNut can’t figure out its documentation, which is a lengthy FAQ.

You can use datacenter proxies for both enterprise and personal use. They’re cheap, fast, and usually come with unlimited bandwidth. However, datacenter IPs are quite easy to detect. So, when choosing the best datacenter proxy provider, the choice depends on aspects like budget, what features you need, and specific project parameters.

A datacenter proxy is an intermediary IP addresses that is held in servers of various web hosting companies like Google Cloud or Amazon AWS.

In short, you need to determine what type of datacenter proxy you need – shared or private. Then, check what features each provider offers, if the price matches your budget, the size of the IP pool, and the service’s overall performance.

You May Also Like:



				Dedicated Proxies: All You Need to Know			




				What Are Datacenter Proxies? The Beginner’s Guide			


Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment * 

Name * 

Email * 

 



====================================================================================================
