Content from https://proxyway.com/best/residential-proxies:

All Reviews

Types

All Types

Use Cases

All Use Cases

Locations

All Locations

Best Tools

All Best Tools

Our Tools

All Our Tools

We use affiliate links. They let us sustain ourselves at no cost to you.

Residential proxies can breathe new life into your bot or web scraping software. That’s because they come from real devices, letting you blend into the crowd much better than datacenter IPs. With a residential proxy server, Mr Robot 123 becomes John from Cincinnati, Maria from Lyon, or Rajesh from Delhi.

If you’re looking to buy residential proxies, you’ve come to the right place. This page will introduce you to a variety of great providers. Don’t worry, we’ve extensively tested each and outlined their main characteristics to make your choice easier. Without further ado, here are the best residential proxies for sale in 2024.

A list of the best overall residential proxy providers.

Providers that cost below $100 and have more favorable prices per GB.

Providers that cost above $100 and focus on features & service.


				To learn more, you can read our guide on residential proxies.			

To choose the best residential proxy providers, we made them go through extensive tests. All the companies on the list participated in our annual Proxy Market Research. There, we made over 2 million connection requests for each provider over a period of three weeks. We then evaluated the companies by their pool size, performance, features, and price.

Best value for the price.

Smartproxy offers great value for anyone that needs backconnect residential proxies. It controls a 40 million proxy pool and has wide location coverage – you can target any city or state from 195 countries worldwide. The provider strikes a rare balance of top-notch performance, affordable pricing, and enough features for most tasks. The user experience is also impeccable. There are many guides, proxy control tools, and award-winning customer support. You can start using Smartproxy with minimal interaction, as it emphasizes self-service.

Smartproxy’s only real drawback is limited targeting options (no carrier or ASN targeting).

Features:

Performance:

Pricing:

Starts from $7 for 1 GB. 3-day free trial available.

Read the Smartproxy review for more information and performance tests.

Best premium residential proxy provider.

Oxylabs controls one of the biggest proxy pools with 100 million monthly IPs. It covers all countries and most cities in the world, and you can even target them by ASN or ZIP code. The proxies have class-leading performance, are stable and highly scalable. You’ll be getting flexible rotation options, easy-to-use dashboard for proxy management, a dedicated account manager and tips to improve your scraping success.

Oxylabs may not be the best option for beginners or individual use, and it’s expensive compared to some other options.



Features:

Performance:

Pricing:

Starts from $10 for 1 GB. 7-day free trial for businesses, 3-day refund for individuals.



Read the Oxylabs review for more information and performance tests.

Most features and best proxy management tools.

Bright Data is the largest proxy provider in the market, with a huge pool of rotating residential IPs around the world. The proxies have many features and even allow targeting by ASN and ZIP code. We’ve found their performance to be great when the provider didn’t impose artificial limits. Bright Data includes powerful proxy control tools, especially its open source proxy manager. You can subscribe to a pricing plan or pay as you go.

Like Oxylabs, Bright Data is mostly concerned with business customers. We wouldn’t recommend it for beginners – the service can be complex to use, and the pricing structure is somewhat confusing. There’s also a strict KYC process which rules out some grey hat use cases.

Features:

Performance:

Pricing:

Starts from $8.40 for 1 GB. 7-day free trial for businesses, 3-day refund for individuals.

Stable residential proxies with flexible location targeting.

SOAX controls a network of around 5 million residential proxies. It stands somewhere in the middle between cheap and premium providers, similarly to Smartproxy. SOAX’s two distinguishing features are rotation and location targeting. Both are very flexible: you can choose to rotate between IPs with every connection request, specify a custom duration, or keep the same IP  until it becomes unavailable. Targeting-wise, SOAX lets you specify not only country, but also region, city, and ASN without paying extra. 

Some technical choices raise questions: HTTP(S) traffic over SOCKS5, obligatory IP whitelisting, and limited ports for plans. All in all, choose this provider for the flexibility, if you need it.

 

Features:

 

Performance:

 

Pricing:

From $99 for 8GB ($12.38/GB) and 300 ports. 3-day trial for $1.99 available.

Residential proxies with unlimited threads.

Infatica is a business-oriented provider. It controls a network of 10 million peer-to-peer residential IPs, and you can target around 100 countries worldwide. City and ASN targeting are available on request. There’s no limit on the number of threads you can run, and you’ll get flexible rotation options – with every request, or between 5 and 60 minutes. 

We experienced more connection errors compared to the top options, but Infatica’s IPs cost less at scale. However, you won’t be able to pay as you go.

 

Features:

 

Performance:

 

Pricing:

Starts from $96 for 8 GB ($12/GB). 3-day trial for $1.99 available.

A competent set of features with non-expiring subscription.

Rayobyte is well known for its datacenter proxies, but the provider also sells performant residential addresses. The service covers over 150 countries, which you can filter up to the city level. The provider uses a pricing system where you buy the amount of traffic you need, and it stays there until you use it. Its plans scale very well once you buy 50 GBs and more. 

However, Rayobyte doesn’t support the SOCKS5 protocol, and proxies are quite slow. Also, it has inflexible rotation settings. The IPs rotate with every connection request and you can keep them for as long as available; there’s no way to select custom intervals.

 

Features:

 

Performance:

 

Pricing:

Starts from $15 for 1 GB. 2-day free trial with 50 MB.

Affordable proxies with flexible filtering options.

With IPRoyal’s service you’ll pay less compared to other providers, and the proxies never expire. The pricing is several times more expensive at fewer GBs, but it scales well, reaching $3.15/GB at one terabyte of data. The service comes with flexible filtering and rotation options, good customer service, and access to the SOCKS5 protocol. The proxies aren’t the best performers, but they’ll work with less demanding tasks.

IPRoyal’s main flaw is the size of its proxy pool. While not exactly tiny, it’s still significantly smaller compared to other providers on this list. What’s more, the low price and ability to resell the proxies further impacts IP reputation. So, it’s definitely not the best option for large-scale use or when you need quality addresses.

 

Features:

 

Performance:

 

Pricing:

Starts from $7 for 1 GB. No free trial.

Residential proxies for large-scale use.

NetNut controls a respectable pool of rotating residential proxies from around the globe. They’re not heavy on features but cover all the essentials well. NetNut works best for medium and large businesses: paying more unlocks features like dedicated support, IP whitelisting, and request-based pricing. You’ll also find very detailed statistics that let you dive deep into your proxy usage patterns. 

It’s worth highlighting that NetNut gives ISP proxies instead of residential when you target America. That said, NetNut isn’t the easiest provider to use, and despite working well, its proxy infrastructure still encounters more errors than the top services. 

 

Features:

 

Performance:

 

Pricing:

Starts from $100 for 5 GBs ($20/GB) . 7-day free trial for companies.

Absolute self-service and customizable subscription.

Webshare is a newcomer in the industry, and its residential proxies are the latest addition to the service. It comes with two proxy pool options: up to 1 or 10 million monthly IPs that you can filter by 195 individual locations. The provider has two killer features – absolute self-service and customizability. You can separately choose the bandwidth limit, or add network priority for a more stable network (the feature prioritizes your over other requests). In terms of rotation frequency, your proxies will be replaced every 5 hours, or you can refresh them between 4 minutes and a month at an additional charge. But paying for different rotation frequency isn’t an industry standard.

Webshare’s pricing falls under the premium segment, so don’t expect cheap addresses. Also, the provider offers limited targeting options, so the service isn’t ideal for location sensitive use cases. 

 

Features:

 

Performance:

 

Pricing:

Starts from $15 for 1 GB . No free trial for residential proxies. 

Cheap residential IPs with limited features.

PacketStream has affordable residential proxies. It buys bandwidth directly from people and then resells it to customers. This lets PacketStream offer IPs for as little as $1/GB with pay-as-you-go pricing. The performance has been gradually improving every year.

The service has somewhat fallen behind. It still lacks industry-standard features like city-level targeting or SOCKS5 support. Furthermore, we found the provider’s proxy pool to be small (under 6,000 US IPs), which raises a red flag. And for some reason, the provider overcounted our traffic use by eight to ten times. So while it remains a cheap option for residential IPs, we can’t recommend PacketStream for any serious task.

 

Features:

 

Performance:

 

Pricing:

Starts from $1 for 1 GB. No free trial.

You’ll be looking at paying anywhere between $1 to $15 per gigabyte. A lot depends on how much you buy and if you commit to a long-term contract. The average for 100 GBs is around $7/GB.

A word about free trials: if you’re not a business, you probably won’t get one. Most providers will offer you a limited money-back guarantee instead. This is the market standard. Its purpose is to protect from abuse.

*Bright Data charges almost double when you enable city/ASN targeting.**PacketStream’s system overcounts traffic use by 8 to 10 times, so the actual price is much higher.

Pricing levels of major residential proxy providers (price/GB)

When does it make sense to use residential proxies instead of, say, datacenter IPs? There are three good reasons:  

1. Your target has strong protection mechanisms. Sneaker websites, travel fare aggregators, and other sites that encounter bot traffic use IP reputation as the first line of defence. Residential IPs have a good reputation because they’re registered under consumer internet service providers.

2. You need broad location coverage. Residential IPs come from millions of people around the world. So, they support many locations – much more than a data center could. This makes them a good choice for SEO crawling, ad verification, software localization, and similar tasks.

3. You want to browse truly anonymously. VPNs and datacenter addresses hide you but not the fact you’re using them. Residential proxies make it look like you’re browsing as a real person.


				You can read our comparison of datacenter and residential proxies. to learn more.			

Yes. More and more providers are starting to offer residential proxies that come directly from internet service providers and not end users. They’re called ISP proxies.

Yes. Storm Proxies and Shifter are two providers we know of. Residential proxies with unlimited bandwidth usually suffer in performance, but they are useful if you have high traffic requirements.

Some providers allow that, especially if you’re signing up as a company. However, most offer a money-back guarantee instead.

Top Proxy Providers:

1. SmartproxyVisit Website>

9.2 ⭐

2. OxylabsVisit Website>

9.3 ⭐

You May Also Like:



				Datacenter vs Residential Proxies: A Comparison			




				What Are Residential Proxies? A Comprehensive Guide			



			18 Responses		

How long does usually residential proxy last, before the IP changes?

It depends on the proxy provider and the end user. Usually, it’s up to 10 or 30 minutes.

Would you recommend to buy a residential proxy for surveys? They’re more expensive than datacenter proxies, but some reviews say that they are better.

Offerman, residential proxies should be a better choice. They hide the fact that you’re using a proxy much better than datacenter IPs. And I’d guess some survey sites are pretty touchy about this subject.

Let’s say I buy a bunch of proxies from a less known provider. How to tell if proxy is residential based? What can be the main way to spot them from data center based proxies?

You can use any IP checker – look for the “ISP” field. If you can’t recognize the company, Google it and see if it’s a commercial provider or one that sells cloud services. Or you can use an IP database like IP2Location. We write more about testing pro…

You should try review https://speedproxies.net/ as I tried them for the last few weeks and worked quite good, with the downside being that they don’t support socks5.

Hi Rhys, thanks for the suggestion. We’ll have a look at them.

That’s a very great and detailed overview! From my personal experience, I see Smartproxy as the best solution when choosing residential proxies, especially for SEO tasks since they have those specific Search Engine proxies (https://smartproxy.com/proxies…

For me Smartproxy have the fastest residential proxies I’ve tried. Pretty impressive work with bots. I’m not a pro in copping sneakers and I’ve only tried the whole procedure for personal usage, but I was satisfied.

Good choose, fast delivery time, average prices. All this words about this service. I am a customer of this service 1.5 years, like it

didn’t expect smartproxy to have the fastest residential proxies since their prices are pretty low. is the speed impacted more by the IP / country or the proxy provider?

It’s impacted by many factors: the IP source’s connection speed and location, as well as the location of the provider’s load balancing server and the target website.

can you use residential proxies anywhere? and i mean anywhere, like China or even North Korea? no intentions to do any business there, i’m just curious to see how ultra restricted internet feels like

China yes (though not all providers can offer that), not sure about North Korea. Others places – sure.

do you know more providers for Residential proxies with unlimited bandwidth???

Hi artaville. There’s also Shifter, RSocks, or Geonode. All three offer unlimited-bandwidth plans. Shifter is pretty expensive but has better quality than RSocks. We haven’t tried Geonode yet.

I do warn you from using ip royal proxies, as it leaks, and the provide ips from data centres claiming it is residential.

Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment * 

Name * 

Email * 

 



====================================================================================================
