Content from https://proxyway.com/best/sneaker-bots:

All Reviews

Types

All Types

Use Cases

All Use Cases

Locations

All Locations

Best Tools

All Best Tools

Our Tools

All Our Tools

We use affiliate links. They let us sustain ourselves at no cost to you.

The sneaker copping scene is ridden with both newbies and veterans trying to pinpoint the best sneaker bots on the market. It’s not an easy feat. Several years ago, you had the option to choose from a handful of bots and you’d know fast enough if they stink at copping limited edition sneakers.

Today, you can choose from hundreds – and I really mean hundreds – of bots. I bet you can hardly name more than 10, right? Fine, maybe more than 20 if you’ve got a good memory. So, how do you pick the best sneaker bot? Let me tell you something: browsing Reddit isn’t going to cut it anymore.

After long, caffeine-induced brainstorming sessions, followed by even longer hours of coding, we came up with something awesome – a sneaker bot success tracker. Using Twitter’s API, it collects the successful checkout mentions. We paired the data with our own research on the market and came up with a list of best sneaker bots that can actually score you Ws!

Many bots don’t support macOS. There are multiple workarounds you can use: Bootcamp, virtual OS, or a remote server. But if you’d like to run a bot natively, feel free to visit our list of the best sneaker bots for Mac.

Before we take a deep dive into the list of best release destroyers out there, I want to make sure you know what we’re talking about.

A sneaker bot is software that can automatically complete checkout faster than any human ever will. When you buy and install a bot, you’ll be able to create tasks commanding it to cop from sneaker sites, add billing and shipping profiles, power it with proxies, and then haul dozens of pairs home.


				If you want to learn more, we have a guide on  sneaker bots.			

Let’s get one thing straight: there’s no such thing as one best bot.

Why? The botting scene is highly unpredictable. One missed update or simply lack of luck can render a previously successful bot useless. Honestly, there’s a brand new top-performing bot with every release.

What we are looking for is consistency. Sure, a bot can have some bad days. Don’t we all? But a bot that is worthy of your time will score you more or less Ws with every release. According to the most recent data of our success tracker, Wrath has been killing it for quite some time – it’s not a coincidence why it’s at the top of our list.

Now, let’s continue with the strongest sneaker bot lineup you’d wish to get your hands on:


				The only bot you’ll need. 			

Experienced sneakerheads know that it’s best not to count on a single AIO bot. Instead, you should use different bots for each store, according to how well they perform on it. But we aren’t millionaires, right? Well, not yet. So, if you can only afford only one top-tier bot, I’d suggest you get Wrath. It’s possibly the only sneaker bot you’ll need. Why? Let’s take a look at what it has to offer.

Wrath is a beast when it comes to destroying releases. It’s simply a great sneaker bot. Even though it had some downfalls since it was introduced in February 2018, its efficient developer managed to recover and deliver consistent performance with high success rates.

Wrath beats the anti-bot security measures with frequent, fast, and spot-on updates for every module. If you own this bot, expect to score Ws from all supported sites. Aside from being one of the best Yeezy bots, it also cooks Shopify, Supreme, and US Footsites.

The best thing about Wrath is that it has an intuitive and easy-to-manage UI. You’ll be able to set it up for drops within 5 minutes or less. It also features personal analytics to help you learn from your mistakes and brag about wins.


				Best for Shopify.			

If you don’t know why I like Prism, it could be because you haven’t read my review yet. Fine, you don’t have to read it now – I’ll do a quick recap instead.

Prism cooks, and it does it exceptionally well. It has already made over 1 million purchases, averaging 300 sales per user, according to its stats. Yes, you should be impressed. Prism works like a charm on Shopify (in fact, it’s one of the best Shopify bots), but it also does well on other targets – Footsites and Supreme. However, not every Footsite is supported. Hopefully, they will include all of them – and other stores – in the future!

What it lacks in stores, Prism makes up with incredible features and a great design. Seriously, the user interface of its dashboard is top-notch and very beginner-friendly. When it comes to features, Prism will impress you with a one-of-a-kind release calendar and clever task grouping.


				Best for Footsites.			

You might think the nickname Untamable cooking machine is just a clever marketing slogan, but it’s not. Kodai cooks with pretty much every release. All you need to do is to get your hands on it. But like with any other good bot, it won’t be easy, so be prepared for an expensive challenge.

Is it worth it? If you’re serious about cooking Shopify, Supreme, Footsites, Yeezy Supply, and Adidas, then my answer is yes. Especially if you have your eye on Footsites – Kodai works best with this target. However, you might want to think twice if you’re new at the scene. Recouping your investment is going to be a tricky feat.

Other than that, Kodai is known for its excellent user interface that won’t make you scratch your head when setting it up. Oh, are you expecting to get something extra when paying a considerable sum for a bot? How does a complimentary dashboard sound like? The dashboard is called Kodai Hub, and it includes a release calendar alongside suggested copping settings, retail and resale prices for specified drops. It also offers a personal analytics page for data-minded users.


				Best for Supreme.			

Are you desperate to get your hands on anything Supreme? Don’t worry, MEKpreme’s got you. It’s truly one of the best Supreme bots for cooking the famous red box logo brand. It has even four different modes to cop, and if you keep your eye on the bot’s discord channel, you’ll receive advice on when to use them.

MEKpreme bot tackles anti-botting measures on the go. Seriously, it can detect what measures are being taken and bypass them by automatically adjusting its bypass method. Oh, and if you’re worried about CAPTCHAs, don’t be. MEKpreme has it all taken care of with an implemented 3rd party tool – AYCD AutoSolve – to solve them for you.

While you’re at it, you might also want to look up equally as powerful MEKpreme’s sibling MEK AIO. MEKRobotics created these two bots to slay releases. While MEKpreme only tackles Supreme drops, MEK AIO is on top of the Shopify, Footsite, Yeezy supply, and Adidas game.


				One of the most consistent.			

Ahh, Balkobot. There’s a lot I’ve already said about it in my review, but one thing stands out the most – its consistency. You probably already know – even the best bots fail. Some never recover. But Balkobot seems to be going with the steady flow. The bot has consistently won releases for its user base with no major losses, and what’s not to love about it?

Balkobot comes with a minimalistic yet rather tough-to-navigate user interface. It may take some time to get a hold of, especially for beginners. What’s great about it is that you get a lot of features to support your cop, such as CAPTCHA solver, analytics, and many more.

Ever since it was first introduced, Balko has been a beast when it comes to destroying releases on Shopify. Today it also cooks on Adidas, Supreme, Footsites, and Off-White, making it truly an AIO bot.


				Best for EU stores.			

You’ve certainly heard of Ganesh before, right? It’s the bot that sets the gold standard in sneaker botting. Some may argue, but this bot is one of the best available sneaker bots, especially for EU stores. It has a good track record of success – over 650,000 checkouts and a really small user base.

Ganesh has an easy-to-use and sophisticated interface. It helps to set up tasks quickly and smoothly. But that’s only relevant if you decide to use a graphical interface at all. If you love coding, the bot comes with a command-line interface, too.

When it comes to stores, Ganesh supports a lot of them: Finish Line, Hibbett, Slamjam, Snipes, Titolo, Zalando, AW LAB, Solebox, Footsites, Mesh, and others. So plenty of options to choose from.

Apart from great performance and many stores to cop from, Ganesh provides you with an excellent documentation page that will help to get started with ease. If reading it still leaves you hanging, you can get help from the support that’s readily available 24/7.


				Best for beginners and always available.			

NSB needs no introduction – it’s one of the oldest bots on the market, and I’m sure someone has recommended it to you before. With so many new names slaying releases these days, you may wonder if NSB is even worth your time. Well, let me tell you something: NikeShoeBot is still on the top of its game.

Sure, it had some ups and downs, but if you’re a beginner who’s looking for an easily attainable bot that can cook, NSB is a way to go. You are probably already used to the fact that bots are tough to get unless you have thousands of dollars just lying in your pocket. Well, NSB is an exception – the bot is always in stock.

NSB has a knack for copping Shopify and does so with a handful of clever tricks. However, it also does a great job with other targets it supports, such as Footsites, Demandware, and Supreme.


				Best for SNKRS.			

Copping Nike sneakers has become a headache for everyone. I don’t judge those who give up without even trying. But I know that’s because they’ve never heard of an excellent Nike bot – Project Enigma. But there’s a reason for that. Project Enigma is truly an… enigma. You can only find it on Twitter, but the account is protected from outsiders’ eyes. All its other traces lead to bot rentals, so don’t expect to find a website. It’s like the bot doesn’t want to be found.

No matter how low-key Project Enigma is trying to seem, people can’t stop boasting about its success. To be fair, any kind of success in Nike’s store is worth bragging about, but Project Enigma doesn’t just cop you a pair. The bot delivers some excellent success rates we can only envy. It’s truly one of the best Nike SNKRS bots you can find on the market.

Getting your hands on Project Enigma is a challenge of its own. The bot is currently unavailable to buy or even resell, but you may come across it on various bot renting sites, so what are you waiting for? It’s going to be worth it, I promise.

If I could I would keep adding to this list, because there’s plenty of other bots capable of copping limited releases. Here’s a few worthy mentions:

In the sneaker botting game, the dead can come back to life. I’m talking about bots here. Often enough some great bots just stop working and their users are left to count their losses. But then, a few releases later they’re back on track slaying better than ever.

Before they come back to their tracks, I’d suggest to stay clear from these bots:

Sneaker stores don’t like bots. Actually, they despise them. That’s why, every time they detect botting activity, they promptly block IP addresses associated with that activity. But you still need to get those limited edition kicks somehow, right? That’s where proxies come in. Essentially, a proxy is just an IP address that can be used to hide your own. Get hundreds of those and you’ll be able to perform hundreds of checkouts and they’ll all look like different buyers to the store.

That’s why proxies are crucial to sneaker release copping. In fact, if you don’t use them you can throw any bot you have – even Wrath – through the window. But I know how hard it is for newbies to understand proxies and figure out where to buy them. So, here are three great options for you to choose from.

Picking out the best sneaker bot in 2024 is a tough challenge. There are hundreds of them on the market, and it takes a lot of research to figure out which one actually works. That’s why we did the hard work for you. This list should help you figure out which release destroyers are worth your investment and which ones will only destroy your wallet

But hold on a minute, choosing one of the best sneaker bots is just one part of the process. If you’re new to the game, there’s still a lot to learn. So, don’t forget to read our other articles.

Here are the ones I’d recommend starting with:

There are several things to keep in mind when picking out the best bot. First, there’s an aftermarket price. Great bots that have a proven track record of success will gain a surge in value. Then there are reviews and successful checkout mentions. Sneakerheads are keen on bragging about their wins on social media and it helps to determine which bots are working well.

It’s true that not all bots perform well, but if you get your hands on a great sneaker bot then it will drastically increase your chances of copping. Some of the best sneaker bots out there manage to get thousands of checkouts during each limited edition drop. However, the most efficient bots are extremely expensive and not worth the money if you’re looking to cop just one pair.

Sneaker bots can be bought from a retailer. Check their websites and social media frequently to see when restocks are happening. However, the chances of getting one are very slim. After all, there are thousands of others waiting to get their hands on them.

Your other option is to check Twitter and Discord for resellers, but be careful! The resell market is ridden with scammers, that’s why you should always use a middleman. Currently, Tidal Market offers one of the best middleman services. Some of the most popular bots are available on BotBroker and if you’re looking to rent check out Whop marketplace and Easy Rentals.

Looking for great proxies to go with your bot?

You May Also Like:



				How to Get a Sneaker Bot			




				What Is a Sneaker Bot and How Does It Work in 2024?			


Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment * 

Name * 

Email * 

 



====================================================================================================
