Content from https://proxyway.com/best/sneaker-proxies:

All Reviews

Types

All Types

Use Cases

All Use Cases

Locations

All Locations

Best Tools

All Best Tools

Our Tools

All Our Tools

We use affiliate links. They let us sustain ourselves at no cost to you.

Yeezys, Air Jordan’s, Adidas – all well-known brands, and all well known for their limited edition sneakers. These are no regular sneakers you just go to a shop and buy. If you do go to a shop, you’ll stand in lines lasting for hours to get your hands on a pair, if there will be any left. So what then, you just go online and order a bunch?

Nope. Not gonna work that way. Most people and companies buy shoes in bulk with proxies and sneaker bots. The competition against bots is tough, especially for those who want to start a business and cop sneakers.

So what should you do? Fight fire with fire, of course! By using sneaker proxies and bots yourself, you’ll be on top of the sneaker game, as well. Here are the sneaker proxy providers that will help you win.

The Best Proxies for Sneaker Bots – Quick Summary:

Sneaker proxies are middlemen IP addresses optimized specifically for buying sneakers from the most popular online shoe stores. They’re used with sneaker bots to cop limited releases before they become unavailable.

No matter which brand you’re targeting, if you want to buy the best sneaker proxies for your bot, look for the following:

In the past, datacenter proxies were the main choice for sneakers: they’re cheap and very fast. But they also come from commercial hosting companies and can’t hide this very well. Many of the shoe sites have implemented strict security measures. They quickly spot a datacenter IP and ban it, sometimes taking down a whole subnet. Nowadays they’re more often used as CAPTCHA proxies, to collect tokens.

Residential proxies use the connections of real people. Shoe stores don’t want to ban potential customers, so they’re much more reluctant to stop your bot.

Of course, not everything depends on the best sneaker proxies – sneaker bots often have even more impact. (Try asking SNKRS botters about it.) But proxies still make a big difference.

ISP proxies, or static residential proxies, are actually a great choice for sneakers. They’re like datacenter proxies, only registered with consumer internet service providers. So, they’re fast, hard to block, and don’t need to rotate – a win for copping. Should you move on to them and forget the other proxy types?

Not exactly. ISPs have a few issues: they’re hard to get, expensive, and you can’t generate unlimited IPs like you can with residential proxies. Both types work, and their effectiveness varies by release. Considering this, it’s a good idea to mix both types. Or at least try out each and see what works for you.


				To learn more, you can read this comparison of residential and ISP proxies.			

Really, don’t. Good luck finding free sneaker proxies that haven’t been banned on shoe sites already. If you do, they’ll be too slow and unreliable for copping, anyway. Buying shoes is hard enough as it is – proxies should help with the process, not hinder it.

Best residential proxies for sneaker bots.

Smartproxy is a popular choice among sneakerheads. It offers very fast and performant residential proxies that cover the main store locations. You can also get its newest product – ISP proxies.

Each residential plan gives you access to 40M IPs for a month, so there’s no waiting around for restocks or having your proxies expire after one release. The ISP proxies come with over 16,000 addresses in the US.

Both types rotate. The residential addresses can hold sticky sessions for up to 30 minutes, while ISP – indefinitely. You can easily start using the service, and there are plenty of tutorials to help you out. 

Smartproxy allows paying as you go or committing to a monthly plan with its residential service. Both options cost less than what most sneaker proxy shops can offer you. 

Features:

Pricing starts from:

Read the Smartproxy review for more information and performance tests.

Best premium proxies for buying in bulk.

Oxylabs is the provider to consider if you’re copping large scale or reselling. It offers 100M premium residential IPs around the world. You can target them by city and create sticky sessions for up 30 minutes for long queues. 

The ISP service has 100,000 static addresses in the US and Western Europe that come in the form of a list. You can also go for a pool of rotating proxies that can hold sticky sessions for up to 5 hours. 

All proxy services are among the best performers we’ve tried: fast, stable, and with a great success rate. Additionally, you’ll get 24/7 customer support, a dedicated account manager, and many tutorials to help you out. 

As a premium proxy provider, Oxylabs doesn’t have the cheapest rates. It offers pay as you go residential IPs, and subscriptions for both proxy types. The starting price is steep, but many serious sneakerheads consider Oxylabs a top choice for any release.

Features:

Pricing starts from:

Read the Oxylabs review for more information and performance tests.

Quality residential & ISP proxies for serious cooks.

It’s almost impossible to exclude Bright Data when making these lists. It’s a leading provider with proxies for every (legal) use case – sneakers included. 

Bright Data controls a 72 million residential proxy pool with locations worldwide and 700,000 ISP proxies in more than 50 locations. You can target any country and city or even by ASN and ZIP code (the latter applies only to the residential service). As with Oxylabs, two ISP proxy formats are available: a list of static addresses and a pool of rotating proxies.

The services have many features, impeccable performance, and amazing proxy management tools. A neat bonus: credit-based pricing, a dedicated account manager, and pay as you go with both proxy options. 

That said, Bright Data has several issues, which is why we didn’t place it first. First, the service is complex to use, requiring extra software to set up things like proxy rotation. Second, it’s mighty expensive. And third, the usage terms are pretty strict. But if you know what you’re doing, Bright Data will prove to be a powerful choice.

Features:

Pricing starts from:

Read the Bright Data review for more information and performance tests.

Sneaker proxies with flexible rotation options.

SOAX is a good choice for cooks that need long sessions during drops. 

The provider has a network of around 5 million residential and 100,000 ISP proxies that you can filter up to the ASN level. The residential proxies come from over 150 locations, so you won’t struggle to find store locations. The ISP proxies will work only with US-based marketplaces. 

Both types are flexible: you can rotate them with every request, keep the IP until it’s unavailable, or choose a custom duration.

SOAX’s infrastructure works well – you’ll get a good success rate and a fast response time. The provider will also make sure to answer your questions in under 2 minutes and includes great documentation for an easy start. 

The main downside – you’ll have to commit to a monthly plan since SOAX doesn’t support pay as you go, and all the plans come with a limited number of ports.

Features:

Pricing starts from:

$99 for 15 GB ($6.6/GB) and 300 ports. 

Read the SOAX review for more information and performance tests.

Fast ISP proxies with absolute self-service.

Webshare is the best choice if you want to fully control your subscription, and need fast and performant static addresses. 

Webshare gives you residential proxies from a pool of 30 million addresses. You can target any sneaker store from 195 locations. 

If you’re looking for static addresses, the provider has a network of 100,000 proxies in 5 locations. You can choose between shared, dedicated, and semi-dedicated ISP addresses. They come in lists, but if you need, you can rotate them with every connection request. 

Whichever type you choose, you’ll be able to customize your plan to a great extent: choose traffic limits, number of threads and network priority. Additionally, with ISP proxies you can replace (or refresh) your IPs on demand. 

That said, all that versatility won’t come cheap. 

Features:

Pricing starts from:

Read the Webshare review for more information and performance tests.

Performant ISP proxies with non-expiring traffic.

Rayobyte is a good choice if you’re in the shoe coping business for the long run. Here’s why. 

The provider offers residential proxies that cover around 150 countries. You’ll find all the main shoe store locations, and you can target any country or city. You can also get shared ISP addresses in the US and dedicated in four countries. These proxies come from major consumer ISPs and are spread throughout multiple ASNs.

The best part about the residential service is that your traffic will never expire. For example, you can buy 100GB of data to pay less per GB and then use the traffic whenever you want. Rayobyte’s plans scale very well once you get 50 GBs and more. But the proxies are pretty slow.

The ISP proxies, on the other hand, are one of the better in the market – they’re fast and stable. 

However, Rayobyte has inflexible rotation settings. The IPs either rotate with every connection request or you can keep them as long as they are available.

Features:

Pricing starts from:

Read the Rayobyte review for more information and performance tests.

The largest ISP proxy provider.

NetNut is the largest ISP proxy provider, probably powering half the reseller market. 

NetNut owns a 1 million ISP proxy pool and residential proxy network with around 52 million monthly IPs. Both services have adequate targeting – up to the city level. You can rotate between IPs or create sticky sessions. 

The provider targets medium and large businesses, so once you opt for higher-paid plans, you’ll get dedicated support, IP whitelisting, and request-based pricing. Additionally, it offers detailed proxy usage statistics, but we have to warn you – it isn’t the easiest provider to use. 

NetNut’s ISP proxies are great performers. However, with residential service we’ve experienced slow connection and more errors compared to other companies. This provider is best for experienced users or those who need sneaker proxies at scale. Otherwise, small time cooks looking for ISP proxies might be better off with Chi Proxies, which NetNut owns.

Features:

Pricing starts from:

Read the NetNut review for more information and performance tests.

Affordable residential proxies for larger sneaker drops.

Infatica is another business-oriented provider if you need to buy proxies in bulk. The service comes with a network of 10 million residential IPs and over 190 locations. The proxies rotate with every request, but you can hold sticky sessions from 5 to 60 minutes.

Compared to premium alternatives, Infatica offers lower prices. It especially scales well at 50 GBs and up. Similar to other top options, you’ll get great customer service and pretty good documentation.

Overall, Infatica’s residential proxies performed well, and they’re fast. Still, there’s room for improvement – compared to the best-performing provider Oxylabs, Infatica’s success rate was 5% lower. The user experience could also be improved – finding how much traffic you used will take time. And there’s no pay as you go.

Features:

Pricing starts from $96 for 8 GB ($12/GB). 

Read the Infatica review for more information and performance tests.

Sneaker proxies for small drops.

IPRoyal draws small-time sneakerheads with cheaper pricing. The provider has good customer service and extensive documentation.

IPRoyal controls a 8 million residential proxy pool with 150 locations worldwide and city level targeting. The proxies rotate with every request, but you can hold sticky sessions for up to 24 hours.

You can also get ISP proxies from 25 countries in four continents. They don’t rotate, which can be a big plus for long drops. 

Additionally, IPRoyal sells dedicated datacenter sneaker proxies with a private IP pool. But datacenter proxies are a questionable choice for sneaker coping. 

However, we encountered more errors compared to other providers and a slow connection speed. But both services are fitting if you don’t need to buy sneakers in bulk.

Features:

Pricing starts from:

Read the IPRoyal review for more information and performance tests.

Cheap residential proxies for one-time cooks.

PacketStream is famous for its bargain residential proxies with credit-based pricing. You can get IPs for as little as $1 for a GB of traffic (as long as you buy at least 50 GB). 

The provider controls a 7 million residential proxy pool and covers many locations. You can choose rotation on every connection request or to keep the same IP until the source goes offline.

However, selling proxies for such a low cost has its… well, cost. We’ve found the PacketStream IP pool to be very small, despite its claim of 7 million addresses. For example, the US pool had under 6,000 available IPs, so you’re more likely to get abused addresses. There’s another gotcha: PacketStream’s system overcounts traffic used by eight to ten times. Essentially, instead of costing $1, you end up paying $8 or more. 

Features:

Pricing starts from $1 for 1 GB (50 GB minimum).

Read the PacketStream review for more information and performance tests.

The term “sneaker proxies” is broad, and people look for specific releases to cop. You’ll often run into terms like Nike proxies (or SNKRS proxies), Supreme proxies, Yeezy proxies, Footsites proxies, Adidas proxies, Bape proxies, and so on.

Are there any differences between them? Kind of. Here’s what we know from our experience:

Nike punishes botting hard. So, the best proxies for Nike SNKRS will be residential and ideally unabused. In this case, the most important thing is a good sneaker bot.


				Check out the best Nike proxies. 

Supreme is all about speed. It was one of the last stores to work with datacenter IPs. As of 2024, it no longer does. Go for ISP proxies or the fastest residentials you can get.


				Check out the best Supreme proxies.			

Yeezys/Adidas are generally well-protected and put you into a queue. So, you should get residential IPs with sticky sessions (the longer the better) or ISP proxies. IPs that rotate every request won’t work.


				Check out the best Yeezy proxies.			

Footsites like Footlocker, EastBay, Champs, and FootAction use a queue system as well. The drops take time, and speed isn’t very important. So, residential IPs with long sticky sessions or ISP proxies are a perfect choice.


				Check out the best Footsites proxies.			

Some providers still advertise datacenter proxies as working for Shopify. But since it implemented new anti-botting measures, it’s no longer the case. Truth be told, other kinds of proxies are having a hard time, as well. Still, ISP proxies are preferred for speed, then residentials.

These proxies are used to generate CAPTCHA tokens by watching YouTube videos with different Gmail accounts. This helps to avoid solving image CAPTCHAs during sneaker releases. CAPTCHA proxies are nearly always datacenter IPs that work with Google and YouTube.


				Learn more about CAPTCHA proxies.			

They do. Sneaker proxies help many sneakerheads buy limited edition shoes for retail price each week. Twitter is full of success cases, proving their effectiveness.

For a few pairs, proxies aren’t obligatory. Still, they help a lot. Almost all serious sneaker resellers use proxies.

Sneaker proxies aren’t illegal, even if sneaker stores hate them. We haven’t heard about anyone getting used for using proxies to bot shoes.

It depends on how many pairs you want to get. The rule of thumb is one proxy per one task.

There’s no definite answer. Different bots are good for different tasks, and this often changes after new releases. Botting is a cat-and-mouse game where shoe sites constantly complete with bot creators. You can read our article named the best sneaker bots, which lists some great options that have had consistent success throughout the year.

You May Also Like:



				Copping Shoes in 2024: A Complete Guide			




				What Is a Sneaker Bot and How Does It Work in 2024?			



			2 Responses		

why do you need proxies for bots ? i have a vpn which also has server pool, so in theory vpn can also work with bots. and vpns are faster than proxies.

Hi Chris. VPNs use datacenter connections, so sneaker sites will very quickly block them – if they allow you in, at all. And VPNs aren’t faster than proxies. They use the same servers but have to further encrypt traffic.

Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment * 

Name * 

Email * 

 



====================================================================================================
