Content from https://proxyway.com/best/socks5-proxies:

All Reviews

Types

All Types

Use Cases

All Use Cases

Locations

All Locations

Best Tools

All Best Tools

Our Tools

All Our Tools

We use affiliate links. They let us sustain ourselves at no cost to you.

SOCKS5 is the newest proxy protocol. Versatile, fast, and anonymous, SOCKS5 proxies enable many tasks that wouldn’t be possible with HTTP(S) IPs. You can use them for gaming, video streaming, torrents, web scraping… Just about anything. They can be residential, data center, ISP, and mobile addresses.

But finding a good proxy service isn’t easy – and getting reliable SOCKS proxies is even harder. This article will help you choose the best SOCKS5 proxy provider for your needs.

The Best SOCKS5 Proxy Providers of 2024 – Quick Summary:

SOCKS stands for “socket secure”. It’s an internet protocol that allows one device to send data to another via a third device. In this case, the third device would be called a SOCKS server, or simply a SOCKS proxy. SOCKS proxies were created to be an all-purpose proxy solution: they can handle almost any protocol, program, or type of traffic, whether it’s webpages, email, torrents, video streaming, or games.

A SOCKS5 proxy server routes your connection through itself via a Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) connection. In the meantime, it masks your real IP address and location just like a regular proxy server.



SOCKS5 is a newer version of the protocol. It introduced several important features, such as more authentication options, support for IPv6 IP addresses, remote DNS queries, and compatibility with the UDP protocol, not only TCP.

Are these features relevant for you? The UDP protocol is used in many video streaming services and video games – where you need to transfer data in real-time. So if that’s what you’re going to be doing, choose SOCKS5 proxies. They also allow the regular user:pass authentication, making the setup process much simpler.

HTTP proxies work with the >HTTP(S) protocol – in other words, websites. They often have only ports 80 and 443 open, which rules out different kinds of traffic. 

SOCKS proxies are much more versatile – you can use them to unblock content and work with all kinds of data. Just make sure that your provider actually has the ports you need open. Some close off everything that’s not 80 or 443, making their SOCKS proxies effectively the same as HTTP IPs.

The best value SOCKS5 proxies.

Smartproxy offers residential, dedicated datacenter, and mobile IPs with SOCKS5 support. The provider stands out with award-winning customer support, detailed documentation, and convenient proxy management tools. So, both beginners and experienced users will find the service fitting. 

Smartproxy controls large residential (40M) and mobile (10M) proxy pools with locations all around the world. The proxies rotate with every request, but there’s an option to hold sticky sessions for up to 30 mins. You can get dedicated addresses only in the US. 

What can you expect performance-wise? An almost perfect success rate and a fast response time. Besides having a robust infrastructure, the provider manages to keep mid-range prices. For example, Smartproxy charges $8.50/GB while premium providers – $15/GB.

However, its datacenter proxies lack some features like locations and targeting options. 

Features:

Prices start from:

Read the Smartproxy review for more information and performance tests.

Flexible plans and complete self-service.

Webshare sells residential, ISP and datacenter proxies that support the SOCKS5 protocol. The prices don’t bite, the service includes a powerful API, and offers great user experience.

Depending on the product, Webshare’s IPs cover from 20 to 195 countries worldwide. They come in lists of static addresses, but there’s a feature to rotate proxies with every connection request. You can also opt to automatically refresh the list as often as every five minutes.

Even though Webshare is a newcomer in the market, it definitely doesn’t seem like one. Its datacenter and ISP proxies have a strong infrastructure, they’re fast, and stable.

What sets Webshare apart from other providers? It gives you full control over your subscription. You can decide on the number of proxies, their locations, and otherwise customize the service by adding traffic, concurrency, or reserving network priority. 

On the other hand, all that versatility plays into pricing – Webshare charges for most of the features, so you’ll have to really think through your project.

Features:

Pricing starts from:

Read the Webshare review for more information and performance tests.

The best premium SOCKS5 proxy provider for business.

Oxylabs is the best choice if you’re looking for premium SOCKS5 proxies. You can choose between private datacenter and ISP addresses. The proxy pool is well maintained by an experienced team that can offer you advice and 24/7 enterprise-grade support. The proxies don’t rotate by default, but you can set up rotation using Oxylabs’ proprietary tool.

The provider’s network of dedicated datacenter and ISP addresses is the largest in the market: with over 2 million private proxies, you won’t have any issues scaling your project. You can choose from thousands of subnets in over 188 locations around the world. The ISP proxies come with a pool of 100,000 addresses in the US and Western Europe.  

Over the years, our tests proved that Oxylabs proxies are very scalable and fast. They usually have the best success rate and response time.

That said, Oxylabs targets business customers, so plans might be too pricey if you’re only looking for a few IPs. In addition, there’s no self-service.

Features:

Pricing starts from:

SOCKS5 proxies with the most features.

Bright Data is another premium proxy provider. It offers SOCKS5 with all of its products – residential, datacenter, ISP, and mobile proxies. The provider controls the second-largest proxy pool with versatile targeting and filtering options. 

Bright Data has a well-maintained proxy network – you won’t be disappointed by the proxy performance. Most of its services have a good success rate, and fast response time.

The provider is known for its variety of features, customization options, and proxy management tools, such as the open source Proxy Manager. If you need something that other proxy sellers lack, you’ll most likely find it here.

Bright Data’s pricing is no less flexible: you can commit to monthly plans or pay as you go and min-max the package. In any case, you’ll be charged above the market rate for the privilege, and the monthly plans start pretty high. There’s also a strict KYC procedure you should be aware of.

Features:

Pricing starts from:

SOCKS5 proxies with flexible filtering options.

SOAX offers rotating residential, mobile and ISP proxies that come with SOCKS5 support. It controls a medium-sized pool with more than 100 countries for the residential and mobile addresses. The ISP proxies support locations only in the US.

The provider demonstrates impressive progress each year. During our latest tests, its residential proxies were three times faster than two years before. Overall, both the mobile and residential proxies are good enough to compete with market leaders. 

In addition, SOAX’s proxies are highly flexible. They come with many rotation settings (from 90s to 600s, custom rotation is also available), and targeting options (up to ASN level). These features are included into all packages, so you can save a buck or two compared to something like Bright Data. 

Otherwise, SOAX is a pretty expensive provider. Additionally, all of its products come with obligatory IP whitelisting, limited number of ports, and no option to pay as you go.

Features:

Prices start from:

Affordable premium proxies for enterprise use.

Infatica sells residential and datacenter proxies. The provider mainly targets businesses, has great customer support, and affordable prices when you buy in bulk.

Infatica controls a large – 10 million – residential IP pool in over 100 locations. You can target any location by country, city, or ASN. Its shared datacenter proxies are more modest – 5 thousand US addresses that come in lists. 

Infatica’s residential proxies are fast but we encountered more connection errors compared to the top options. The provider doesn’t limit the number of threads you can run, and its residential proxies rotate, but you can hold sticky sessions between 5 and 60 minutes. 

On the downside, Infatica doesn’t have pay as you go, and its dashboard lacks clarity. For example, you won’t be able to see traffic use in the main page – you’ll have to dig deep to find it.

Features:

Prices start from:

Cheap pay as you go proxies.



If you’re looking for the cheapest SOCKS5 proxies, it won’t get lower than IPRoyal has to offer. You can choose from three types: datacenter, ISP, or residential. The provider has timely customer service, as well as flexible filtering and rotation options. 

IPRoyal primarily targets small-time clients. The service comes with lower prices, a small IP pool, though a pretty wide location coverage. Also, you won’t have to commit to monthly plans with its residential proxies.

We’re mainly concerned with the provider’s IP reputation. The addresses have a lower success rate and response time compared to other providers on this list. But the service is enough for less demanding tasks. 

Features:

Prices start from:

The idea of free SOCKS5 proxies sounds tempting – especially if your needs are small or you just want to try the proxies out. It’s a better option than free HTTP proxies (I’d never use those due to all the security risks), but still not something I’d ever recommend.

You’ll always have to share free SOCKS5 proxies with dozens of other people. This will make the proxies slow and unreliable. Also, the provider likely won’t be interested in maintaining the service, so on top of that, you can expect a lot of downtime and general instability. Not ideal, is it?

Instead, why not have a look at one of the proxy providers in our list? I’m sure you’ll be able to find both premium and cheap SOCKS5 proxies there. Many of the services offer a free trial or money-back guarantee to give you a taste of what using good proxies feels like. Believe me: it’ll cost you nothing and will be a much better experience than struggling with IP addresses that barely work.

SOCKS proxies do have a place in web scraping. It makes little financial sense to use them for scraping websites, but they have other uses. One example would be scraping apps like WhatsApp. SOCKS proxies can also perform automated tasks that can be categorized as web scraping, such as checking the legality of video streaming servers or torrents.

 

Yes, and we have quite a few providers on our list that offer residential SOCKS5 proxies.

You May Also Like:



				ParseHub Review			




				2 Reasons You Should Never Use a Free Proxy Again			



			5 Responses		

Which is better? Residential socks5 proxies or datacenter?

It depends on what you’re trying to achieve with the IPs.

I understand that free socks5 are often shared. But don’t you usually buy shared socks5 too? I mean it as a risk.

Using shared proxies from a trustworthy provider isn’t risky – or at least not as risky – because the other users can’t actually access your data this way.

rSocks very bad, much down time. Bad support

Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment * 

Name * 

Email * 

 



====================================================================================================
